Changelog 14/03 (#1784)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/03/restart-devices-remotly.md

---
title: Remote Device Restart
date: 2024-03-14 09:00:00.0
authors: ["marian-demme"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> Starting today, you can remotely restart your FlowFuse device agent directly from the Web UI, aligning with the capabilities already available for hosted Node-RED instances. This update eliminates the need to manually connect to your device for restarts, streamlining your workflow and offering a more seamless and efficient user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest version of the FlowFuse device agent now supports remotely restarting your Node-RED flows from the FlowFuse platform. This brings it more inline with what the platform lets you do with your hosted Node-RED instances.

This removes the need to manually connect to your device to restart Node-RED, streamlining your workflow and offering a more seamless and efficient user experience.
```

SCreenshot would be good to add
